[Music]
you are being considered
for the amazing opportunity
of life
[Music]
if you are selected you will have the
chance to be born in a fruitful
environment where you can grow develop
and accomplish
[Music]
am i dead i wouldn't say you're alive or
[Applause]
dead
are you the boss i would say a cog on
the wheel
[Music]
how long is this process if you make it
until the end
nine days
[Music]
your senses will become unbearably
sharper and stronger
it's your new beginning you'll never
remember me or anything else that
happened in this place
but you'll still be you
every single day someone hurt someone
else every single day someone takes
someone else's life
why are you focusing on that why are you
not focusing on that you've been here a
few days
or you've lived every second
are you afraid of what
nine days nine days
ah that's nice
[Music]
you